

This update includes a plugin for the 3DEN Editor that simplifies creation the .sqf files that code a mission.

My approach to doing this as follows:

1) Start Arma with the following mods: 
	@epoch;@exile;@blckeagls_3DEN.
	(adjust to meet your specific needs; obviously any additional mods such as those from CUP can be included).

2) Start the Eden Editor.
3) Lay out your static mission. You should:
	place a marker that will be displayed when the mission is initialized (save your work)
	Set the icon/shape, color and any text for your marker 

	Recommended: place a road cone with a flasher at the center of your mission 
		Note, you can comment this out later.
			It is used to calculate positions of everything else.

	Place all buldings, sandbags, etc (save your work)
	Place any vehicle or air patrols - 
		Note that they will patrol using the postion at which you place them as the centerpoint of their patrol.
	(save your work).

	Place any static weapons.
		Note, you can place these inside or on top of buildings.
	(save your work).

	Place a unit at each location you wish to have a group patrol.
		Note: The mission spawner will attempt to spawn an entire group at these locations using the weapons, uniforms, 
		etc defined in blck_config.sqf or its derivatives.
		Note: you can spawn this inside or on top of buildings.

	Place some sort of ammo box, cardboard box, or other loot container. 
	Save your work.

	Set Difficulty level as desired using the dropdown menu at the right of the toolbar.
	Set any other mission parameters including:
		 loot crate spawn timing, 
		 loot crate fill timing,
		 mission end criteria

	Select Export Dynamic Mission from the blckeagls dropdown menu.
	Select Copy, then paste the text into a text editor.
	Change any settings including numbers of AI, AI respawn times, or patrol radii.

	Save the file based on difficulty level.
	For a Blue difficulty mission, save the file to the custom_server\Missions\Blue directory.
	Add filename for your new mission to custom_server\Missions\GMS_missionLists.sqf
	
Pbo custom_server and test your new mission.
